Update Documentation for latest change of Signing part of Image Builder Client (#13010)
kyma-project/test-infra: cmd/image-builder/README.md

> [!NOTE]
> Image Builder only signs images built on the **push**, **schedule**, and **workflow_dispatch** events. Images built on the **pull_request_target** and **merge_group** event are not signed.

### OCI-Compliant Image Signing Process

> Image Builder implements signing based on the image type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image Builder implements signing based on the following image types:
```

> - **OCI Image Index Images**: For images (supporting multiple platforms like linux/amd64, linux/arm64), Image Builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OCI Image Index Images**: For images (supporting multiple platforms like linux/amd64, linux/arm64), Image Builder performs the following actions:
```

    1. Detects the image index using OCI registry APIs
    2. Retrieves the image index digest and size

>     3. Signs the entire manifest-list.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Signs the entire `manifest-list.json`
```

    4. Stores signatures according to Notary v2 specifications

> - **OCI Image Manifest Images**: For images built for one specific architecture, Image Builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OCI Image Manifest Images**: For images built for one specific architecture, Image Builder performs the following actions:
```

> [!NOTE]
> Image Builder only signs images built on the **push**, **schedule**, and **workflow_dispatch** events. Images built on the **pull_request_target** and **merge_group** event are not signed.

### Architecture-Specific Signing Process

> Image Builder implements signing based on the image architecture type:

Reviewer 2: Please provide some link to the definition of `image architecture type` you refer here. From the section content I would say we talk about different manifests media types.

Author: There is no documentation of `image architecture type`. There is `image media type`. https://oci-playground.github.io/specs-latest/specs/image/v1.1.0-rc3/oci-image-spec.pdf

To meet the naming conventions:
- Replaced `Architecture-Specific Signing Process` with `OCI-Compliant Image Signing Process`
- Replaced `**Multi-Architecture Images**: For multi-arch images...` with `**OCI Image Index Images**: For images...`
- Replaced `**Single-Architecture Images**: For single-arch images` with `**OCI Image Manifest Images**: For images built for one specific architecture`

- **Multi-Architecture Images**: For multi-arch images (supporting multiple platforms like linux/amd64, linux/arm64), Image Builder:
    1. Detects the image index using OCI registry APIs
    2. Retrieves the image index digest and size
    3. Signs the entire manifest-list.json rather than individual architecture-specific manifests
    4. Stores signatures according to Notary v2 specifications

- **Single-Architecture Images**: For single-arch images, Image Builder:
    1. Retrieves the image manifest digest directly
    2. Signs the image manifest digest
    3. Associates the signature with the specific image version

### Technical Implementation

The signing process uses the Notary v2 specification for artifact signing. When a multi-architecture image is detected, the system:

> 1. Verifies if the image reference points to a manifest list using `IsManifestList()`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Verifies if the image reference points to a image index using `IsManifestList()`
```

> 2. For manifest lists, obtains the manifest list digest and size rather than the digest of individual architecture manifests

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. For image index, obtains the image index digest and size rather than the digest of individual architecture image manifest
```

> 3. Creates a signing payload with the proper reference to the manifest list

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Creates a signing payload with the proper reference to the image index
```

4. Transmits the signing request to the Signify service with appropriate TLS credentials
5. The signature can then be used to verify the entire image index, ensuring all architecture variants remain unmodified

> 

Reviewer 2: This informations partially duplicate previous section. Moreover this is not relevant for user documentation.

Author: removed as not needed then.

> 5. The signature can then be used to verify the entire manifest list, ensuring all architecture variants remain unmodified

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. The signature can then be used to verify the entire image index, ensuring all architecture variants remain unmodified
```
